Adds documentation for on-premises directory synchronization APIs to MSGraph beta (#18841)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/onpremisesdirectorysynchronizationfeature.md

author: "mwongela"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# onPremisesDirectorySynchronizationFeature resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Consists of directory synchronization features that can be enabled or disabled. The naming pattern used is `<featureName>Enabled`. `true` indicates that the feature is enabled and `false` indicates that the feature disabled.

## Properties

| Property                                         | Type    | Description                                                                                                                                                  |
| :----------------------------------------------- | :------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| blockCloudObjectTakeoverThroughHardMatchEnabled  | Boolean | Used to block cloud object takeover via source anchor hard match if enabled.                                                                                 |

> | blockSoftMatchEnabled                            | Boolean | Use to block soft match for all objects if enabled for tenant.                                                                                               |

Author: Updated.

> | bypassDirSyncOverridesEnabled                    | Boolean | Used to Restrict Mobile/OtherMobile updates only from on-premises for onPremises directory synchronization enabled users.                                    |

Author: Updated.

| cloudPasswordPolicyForPasswordSyncedUsersEnabled | Boolean | Used to indicate that cloud password policy applies to users whose passwords are synchronized from on-premises.                                              |
| concurrentCredentialUpdateEnabled                | Boolean | Used to enable concurrent user credentials update in OrgId.                                                                                                  |
| concurrentOrgIdProvisioningEnabled               | Boolean | Used to enable concurrent user creation in OrgId.                                                                                                            |
| deviceWritebackEnabled                           | Boolean | Used to indicate that device write-back is enabled.                                                                                                          |

> | directoryExtensionsEnabled                       | Boolean | Used to indicate that directory extensions are being synced from on-premise to cloud.                                                                        |

Author: Updated.

> | fopeConflictResolutionEnabled                    | Boolean | Used to indicate that for a Microsoft Forefront Online Protection for Exchange (FOPE) migrated tenant the conflicting proxy address should be migrated over. |

Author: Updated.

> | groupWriteBackEnabled                            | Boolean | Used to enable object level group writeback feature for additional group types.                                                                              |

Author: Updated.

| passwordSyncEnabled                              | Boolean | Used to indicate on-premise password synchronization is enabled.                                                                                             |

> | passwordWritebackEnabled                         | Boolean | Used to indicate that writeback of password resets from cloud to on-premise is enabled.                                                                      |

Author: Updated.

> | quarantineUponProxyAddressesConflictEnabled      | Boolean | Used to indicate that we should quarantine objects with conflicting Proxy Address.                                                                           |

Author: updated.

> | quarantineUponUpnConflictEnabled                 | Boolean | Used to indicate that we should quarantine objects conflicting with duplicate UPN.                                                                           |

Author: Updated.

| softMatchOnUpnEnabled                            | Boolean | Used to indicate that we should Softmatch objects based on UserPrincipalName.                                                                                |

> | synchronizeUpnForManagedUsersEnabled             | Boolean | Used to indicate that we should synchronize UserPrincipalNames for managed users with licenses.                                                              |

Author: `userPrincipalName` is a property. Should we say: `userPrincipalName property` instead?

> | unifiedGroupWritebackEnabled                     | Boolean | Used to indicate that Microsoft 365 Group write-back is enabled.                                                                                             |

Reviewer: Same question as GWB, how does this compare to NewUnifiedGroupWritebackDefault setting of [directory settings](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/directorysetting?view=graph-rest-beta)? Is there a conflict that should be called out?

Author: the `groupWriteback` feature is used in directory synchronization to indicate whether group-writeback is enabled or not.

| userForcePasswordChangeOnLogonEnabled            | Boolean | Used to indicate that feature to force password change for a user on logon is enabled while synchronizing on-premise credentials.                            |

> | userWritebackEnabled                             | Boolean | Used to indicate that user write-back is enabled.                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| userWritebackEnabled                             | Boolean | Used to indicate that user writeback is enabled.                                                                                                            |
```

Author: Updated.
